FIB 1.3 Documentation Update (+Release Notes) (#71)
fraud-intelligence-limited/fil-documentation: src/api-specification/contribution-controller/retrieving-rewards-rate.md

# Retrieving rewards rate

> > Retrieves the current rewards rate established for [submitting contributions](submitting-a-contribution.md) of all fraud types for all registered company entities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Retrieves the current rewards rate established for [submitting contributions](submitting-a-contribution.md) of all fraud types for all supported company types.
```

Reviewer: And flagging?
